[CssBaseline] Add colors with better constrast to <a> (#38135)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/css-baseline/css-baseline.md

- Set the default `Typography`'s level (`body1`) style on the `<body>` element. The style comes from `theme.typography.{default typography level prop}`.
- Set the font-weight to `bold` for the `<b>` and `<strong>` elements.
- Custom font-smoothing is enabled for better display of the default font.

> - Set the color of `<a>` elements to provide better contrast in both light and dark modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the color of `<a>` elements to ensure great contrast in both light and dark modes.
```
